Why does your sword drip with blood?
Edward, Edward, why does your sword drip with blood?
And why so sad are ye, oh?
Oh, I have killed my hawk so good, mother, mother. Oh, I have killed my hawk so good, and I had no more but he.
Your hawk's blood was not red. Edward, Edward, your hawk's blood was not red.
My dear son, I tell thee, oh.
Oh, I have killed my red-roan steed.
Mother, mother.
That was fair and free.
No, your steed was old, and we have got more. Edward, Edward, your steed was old, and we have got more.
Some other thing you've done.
Oh, I have killed my father, dear, mother, mother.
Oh, I have killed my father, dear.
Alas, woe is, woe is me, oh.
What penance will you do for that? Edward, Edward, what penance will you do for that?
My dear son, now tell me.
I'll set my foot in yonder boat, mother, mother.
I'll set my foot in yonder boat, and I'll fare o'er the sea.
Oh.
What will you do with your towers and hall, Edward, Edward?
And what will you do with your towers and hall?
That were so fair to see, oh.
I let them stand till they doth fall.
Mother, mother.
Let them stand till they shall fall, till they shall fall, oh.